https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CPIAUCSL

The Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers: All Items (CPIAUCSL) is a price index 
of a basket of goods and services paid by urban consumers. Percent changes in the price 
index measure the inflation rate between any two time periods. The most common inflation 
metric is the percent change from one year ago. It can also represent the buying habits 
of urban consumers. This particular index includes roughly 88 percent of the total 
population, accounting for wage earners, clerical workers, technical workers, self-employed, 
short-term workers, unemployed, retirees, and those not in the labor force.

The CPIs are based on prices for food, clothing, shelter, and fuels; transportation fares; 
service fees (e.g., water and sewer service); and sales taxes. Prices are collected monthly 
from about 4,000 housing units and approximately 26,000 retail establishments across 87 
urban areas. To calculate the index, price changes are averaged with weights representing 
their importance in the spending of the particular group. The index measures price changes 
(as a percent change) from a predetermined reference date. In addition to the original 
unadjusted index distributed, the Bureau of Labor Statistics also releases a seasonally 
adjusted index. The unadjusted series reflects all factors that may influence a change in 
prices. However, it can be very useful to look at the seasonally adjusted CPI, which 
removes the effects of seasonal changes, such as weather, school year, production cycles, 
and holidays.

The CPI can be used to recognize periods of inflation and deflation. Significant increases 
in the CPI within a short time frame might indicate a period of inflation, and significant 
decreases in CPI within a short time frame might indicate a period of deflation. However, 
because the CPI includes volatile food and oil prices, it might not be a reliable measure 
of inflationary and deflationary periods. For a more accurate detection, the core CPI 
(CPILFESL) is often used. When using the CPI, please note that it is not applicable to all 
consumers and should not be used to determine relative living costs. Additionally, the CPI 
is a statistical measure vulnerable to sampling error since it is based on a sample of 
prices and not the complete average.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CORESTICKM159SFRBATL

The Sticky Price Consumer Price Index (CPI) is calculated from a subset of goods and services 
included in the CPI that change price relatively infrequently. Because these goods and services 
change price relatively infrequently, they are thought to incorporate expectations about future 
inflation to a greater degree than prices that change on a more frequent basis. One possible 
explanation for sticky prices could be the costs firms incur when changing price.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/PPIACO

Producer Price Index by Commodity: All Commodities (PPIACO)


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/PCEPI

The Personal Consumption Expenditures Price Index is a measure of the prices that people living 
in the United States, or those buying on their behalf, pay for goods and services. The change in 
the PCE price index is known for capturing inflation (or deflation) across a wide range of consumer 
expenses and reflecting changes in consumer behavior. For example, if the price of beef rises, 
shoppers may buy less beef and more chicken.

The PCE Price Index is produced by the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), which revises previously 
published PCE data to reflect updated information or new methodology, providing consistency across 
decades of data that's valuable for researchers. They also offer the series as a Chain-Type index, 
as above. The PCE price index is used primarily for macroeconomic analysis and forecasting.

The PCE Price index is the Federal Reserve’s preferred measure of inflation. The PCE Price Index is 
similar to the Bureau of Labor Statistics' consumer price index for urban consumers. The two indexes, 
which have their own purposes and uses, are constructed differently, resulting in different inflation 
rates.

https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/IR

Import Price Index (End Use): All Commodities (IR)
