https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/UNRATE

The unemployment rate represents the number of unemployed as a percentage 
of the labor force. Labor force data are restricted to people 16 years of 
age and older, who currently reside in 1 of the 50 states or the District 
of Columbia, who do not reside in institutions (e.g., penal and mental 
facilities, homes for the aged), and who are not on active duty in the 
Armed Forces.

This rate is also defined as the U-3 measure of labor underutilization.

The series comes from the 'Current Population Survey (Household Survey)'


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CIVPART

The Labor Force Participation Rate is defined by the Current Population 
Survey (CPS) as “the number of people in the labor force as a percentage 
of the civilian noninstitutional population […] the participation rate 
is the percentage of the population that is either working or actively 
looking for work.”

The Labor Force Participation Rate is collected in the CPS and published 
by the BLS. It is provided on a monthly basis, so this data is used in 
part by macroeconomists as an initial economic indicator of current labor 
market trends. The labor force participation rate helps government agencies, 
financial markets, and researchers gauge the overall health of the economy.

Note that long-run changes in labor force participation may reflect secular 
economic trends that are unrelated to the overall health of the economy. 
For instance, demographic changes such as the aging of population can lead 
to a secular increase of exits from the labor force, shrinking the labor 
force and decreasing the labor force participation rate.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/PAYEMS

All Employees: Total Nonfarm, commonly known as Total Nonfarm Payroll, is a 
measure of the number of U.S. workers in the economy that excludes proprietors, 
private household employees, unpaid volunteers, farm employees, and the 
unincorporated self-employed. This measure accounts for approximately 80 percent 
of the workers who contribute to Gross Domestic Product (GDP).

This measure provides useful insights into the current economic situation because 
it can represent the number of jobs added or lost in an economy. Increases in 
employment might indicate that businesses are hiring which might also suggest that 
businesses are growing. Additionally, those who are newly employed have increased 
their personal incomes, which means (all else constant) their disposable incomes 
have also increased, thus fostering further economic expansion.

Generally, the U.S. labor force and levels of employment and unemployment are subject 
to fluctuations due to seasonal changes in weather, major holidays, and the opening 
and closing of schools. The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) adjusts the data to 
offset the seasonal effects to show non-seasonal changes: for example, women's 
participation in the labor force; or a general decline in the number of employees, a 
possible indication of a downturn in the economy. To closely examine seasonal and 
non-seasonal changes, the BLS releases two monthly statistical measures: the 
seasonally adjusted All Employees: Total Nonfarm (PAYEMS) and All Employees: Total 
Nonfarm (PAYNSA), which is not seasonally adjusted.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/AWHAETP

Average weekly hours relate to the average hours per worker for which pay was received 
and is different from standard or scheduled hours. Factors such as unpaid absenteeism, 
labor turnover, part-time work, and stoppages cause average weekly hours to be lower 
than scheduled hours of work for an establishment. Group averages further reflect 
changes in the workweek of component industries. Average weekly hours are the total 
weekly hours divided by the employees paid for those hours.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CES0500000003

The Average Hourly Earnings of All Private Employees is a measure of the average hourly 
earnings of all private employees on a “gross” basis, including premium pay for overtime 
and late-shift work. These differ from wage rates in that average hourly earnings measure 
the actual return to a worker for a set period of time, rather than the amount contracted 
for a unit of work, the wage rate. This measure excludes benefits, irregular bonuses, 
retroactive pay, and payroll taxes paid by the employer.

Average Hourly Earnings are collected in the Current Employment Statistics (CES) program and 
published by the BLS. It is provided on a monthly basis, so this data is used in part by 
macroeconomists as an initial economic indicator of current trends. Progressions in earnings 
specifically help policy makers understand some of the pressures driving inflation.

It is important to note that this series measures the average hourly earnings of the pool 
of workers in each period. Thus, changes in average hourly earnings can be due to either 
changes in the set of workers observed in a given period, or due to changes in earnings. 
For instance, in recessions that lead to the disproportionate increase of unemployment in 
lower-wage jobs, average hourly earnings can increase due to changes in the pool of workers 
rather than due to the widespread increase of hourly earnings at the worker-level.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/ICSA

An initial claim is a claim filed by an unemployed individual after a separation from an employer. 
The claim requests a determination of basic eligibility for the Unemployment Insurance program.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CCSA

Continued claims, also referred to as insured unemployment, is the number of people who have 
already filed an initial claim and who have experienced a week of unemployment and then 
filed a continued claim to claim benefits for that week of unemployment. Continued claims 
data are based on the week of unemployment, not the week when the initial claim was filed.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/JTSJOL

Total Nonfarm Job Openings are a measure of all jobs that are not filled on the last business 
day of the month. A job is considered open if a specific position exists and there is work 
available for it, the job can be started within 30 days, and there is active recruiting for 
the position.

Total Nonfarm Job Openings are measured by the Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS) 
and published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). These data are a unique economic indicator 
of unmet demand for labor and labor shortages. Economists, government officials, and researchers 
use Job Openings as a measure of tightness within job markets.

Note that the set of available job openings may decline because openings become filled, or 
because previous openings are removed without filling positions.

