
https://www.atlantafed.org/cqer/research/gdpnow?utm_source=chatgpt.com#Tab4

The GDPNow model estimate for real GDP growth (seasonally adjusted annual rate) 
in the third quarter of 2025 is 3.5 percent on August 29, up from 2.2 percent 
on August 26. After recent releases from the US Census Bureau and the US Bureau 
of Economic Analysis, the nowcasts of third-quarter real personal consumption 
expenditures growth and second-quarter real gross private domestic investment 
growth increased from 2.2 percent and 4.4 percent, respectively, to 2.3 percent 
and 6.1 percent, while the nowcast of the contribution of net exports to 
third-quarter real GDP growth increased from -0.36 percentage points to 0.59 
percentage points.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/GDPC1

Real gross domestic product is the inflation adjusted value of the goods and 
services produced by labor and property located in the United States.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/INDPRO

The Federal Reserve's monthly index of industrial production and the related 
capacity indexes and capacity utilization rates cover manufacturing, mining, 
and electric and gas utilities. The industrial sector, together with construction, 
accounts for the bulk of the variation in national output over the course of 
the business cycle. The industrial detail provided by these measures helps illuminate 
structural developments in the economy. The industrial production (IP) index 
measures the real output of all relevant establishments located in the United States, 
regardless of their ownership, but not those located in U.S. territories. For 
more information, see the explanatory notes issued by the Board of Governors. 
For recent updates, see the announcements issued by the Board of Governors.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=1wmdD

The Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers: All Items (CPIAUCSL) is a price 
index of a basket of goods and services paid by urban consumers. Percent changes 
in the price index measure the inflation rate between any two time periods. The 
most common inflation metric is the percent change from one year ago. It can also 
represent the buying habits of urban consumers. This particular index includes 
roughly 88 percent of the total population, accounting for wage earners, clerical 
workers, technical workers, self-employed, short-term workers, unemployed, retirees, 
and those not in the labor force.

The CPIs are based on prices for food, clothing, shelter, and fuels; transportation 
fares; service fees (e.g., water and sewer service); and sales taxes. Prices are 
collected monthly from about 4,000 housing units and approximately 26,000 retail 
establishments across 87 urban areas. To calculate the index, price changes are 
averaged with weights representing their importance in the spending of the particular 
group. The index measures price changes (as a percent change) from a predetermined 
reference date. In addition to the original unadjusted index distributed, the Bureau 
of Labor Statistics also releases a seasonally adjusted index. The unadjusted series 
reflects all factors that may influence a change in prices. However, it can be very 
useful to look at the seasonally adjusted CPI, which removes the effects of seasonal 
changes, such as weather, school year, production cycles, and holidays.

The CPI can be used to recognize periods of inflation and deflation. Significant 
increases in the CPI within a short time frame might indicate a period of inflation, 
and significant decreases in CPI within a short time frame might indicate a period of 
deflation. However, because the CPI includes volatile food and oil prices, it might 
not be a reliable measure of inflationary and deflationary periods. For a more accurate 
detection, the core CPI (CPILFESL) is often used. When using the CPI, please note that 
it is not applicable to all consumers and should not be used to determine relative 
living costs. Additionally, the CPI is a statistical measure vulnerable to sampling error 
since it is based on a sample of prices and not the complete average.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/TCU

The Federal Reserve Board constructs estimates of capacity and capacity utilization for 
industries in manufacturing, mining, and electric and gas utilities. For a given industry, 
the capacity utilization rate is equal to an output index (seasonally adjusted) divided by 
a capacity index. The Federal Reserve Board's capacity indexes attempt to capture the concept 
of sustainable maximum output -- the greatest level of output a plant can maintain within the 
framework of a realistic work schedule, after factoring in normal downtime and assuming 
sufficient availability of inputs to operate the capital in place.

The Federal Reserve's monthly index of industrial production and the related capacity indexes 
and capacity utilization rates cover manufacturing, mining, and electric and gas utilities. 
The industrial sector, together with construction, accounts for the bulk of the variation in 
national output over the course of the business cycle. The industrial detail provided by 
these measures helps illuminate structural developments in the economy. The industrial production 
(IP) index measures the real output of all relevant establishments located in the United States, 
regardless of their ownership, but not those located in U.S. territories. For more information, 
see the explanatory notes issued by the Board of Governors. For recent updates, see the 
announcements issued by the Board of Governors.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/RSXFS

E-commerce sales are included in the total monthly sales estimates.

The value for the most recent month is an advance estimate that is based on data from a subsample 
of firms from the larger Monthly Retail Trade Survey. The advance estimate will be superseded in 
following months by revised estimates derived from the larger Monthly Retail Trade Survey. 
The associated series from the Monthly Retail Trade Survey is available at https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MRTSSM44000USS


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CFNAI

A zero value for the index indicates that the national economy is expanding at its historical trend rate of growth; negative values indicate below-average growth; and positive values indicate above-average growth.


https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=1wm2q


The federal funds rate is the interest rate at which depository institutions 
trade federal funds (balances held at Federal Reserve Banks) with each other 
overnight. When a depository institution has surplus balances in its reserve 
account, it lends to other banks in need of larger balances. In simpler terms, 
a bank with excess cash, which is often referred to as liquidity, will lend 
to another bank that needs to quickly raise liquidity. (1) The rate that the 
borrowing institution pays to the lending institution is determined between 
the two banks; the weighted average rate for all of these types of negotiations 
is called the effective federal funds rate.(2) The effective federal funds rate 
is essentially determined by the market but is influenced by the Federal Reserve
as it uses the Interest on Reserve Balances rate to steer the federal funds rate
toward the target range.(2)